Add docs (#294)
CQCL/hugr-qir: docs/examples/index.md

# Examples

> This section documents a few representative examples from the repository using the real source files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section documents a few representative examples from the repository.
```

- [Repeat-until-success](bounded-rus.md)
- [Toric code](toric-code.md)
- [RNG and shot-dependent examples](quantinuum-hardware-only.md)
- [WASM integration](wasm.md)

> These pages use `literalinclude`, so the snippets are pulled directly from the checked-in example files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code snippets are pulled directly from the checked-in example files, so they stay in sync with the repository.
```

Author: :) Thanks for this Kartik. I meant to clean these weird things up more but got busy with other stuff and then forgot.
